Document missing Ballerina.toml fields (#8964)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/ballerina-central/publish-packages-to-ballerina-central.md

2 directories, 5 files
```

> * The `Ballerina.toml` file identifies the directory as a Ballerina package. You can edit the `Ballerina.toml` file to change the organization, name, and the version of the package. To learn about different fields in `Ballerina.toml`, see [The Ballerina.toml file](/learn/package-references/#the-ballerinatoml-file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `Ballerina.toml` file identifies the directory as a Ballerina package. You can edit the `Ballerina.toml` file to change the organization, name, and version of the package.  Additionally, you have the option to add an icon and a description to your package, as well as keywords allowing users to easily find your package through search functions. To learn more about these fields, see [The Ballerina.toml file](/learn/package-references/#the-ballerinatoml-file)
```

Author: Fixed with 407ba4be27d26bd90a0bc1938b40f615f289a1ec
